Injuries can be classified
into different categories.
A direct injury occurs
when the body makes contact
with an external object,
another person, or the ground.
For example, you can dislocate
your finger if it's hit on the end by a ball.
Direct injury is one that might occur,
such as a contusion,
where when you're watching football,
someone gets knocked
by another footballer,
and they get a contact on their leg
and they get a direct injury to that leg.
An indirect injury is caused
by forces inside the body
such as excessive strain
on the muscles and ligaments.
It may be when they strain a muscle
and they are swinging through
in the late phase of running
and they strain that hamstring,
which we see so often
in football and hockey these days.
Overuse injuries occur
when specific body regions
are used over periods of time,
particularly when the movements
are repetitive and low impact.
Some of the other injuries I've had
are bursitis, shin splints
and inflammation of some
of the ankle joints
as a result of all
the jumps training that I do.
A soft tissue injury is an injury
to any tissue except bone and teeth.
For example, it could be
a muscular or skin injury.
During the season,
you've got calluses on your hand.
Starting the season,
even after four weeks,
you get heaps of new blisters
and stuff like that.
Hard tissue injuries are exclusively
injuries to bone and teeth.